```
__        __   _                            _           ___        _         _            _
 \ \      / /__| | ___ ___  _ __ ___   ___  | |_ ___    / _ \ _   _(_)_______| |_ ___ _ __| |
  \ \ /\ / / _ \ |/ __/ _ \| '_ ` _ \ / _ \ | __/ _ \  | | | | | | | |_  / __| __/ _ \ '__| |
   \ V  V /  __/ | (_| (_) | | | | | |  __/ | || (_) | | |_| | |_| | |/ /\__ \ ||  __/ |  |_|
    \_/\_/ \___|_|\___\___/|_| |_| |_|\___|  \__\___/   \__\_\\__,_|_/___|___/\__\___|_|  (_)
```

## About Quizster

Quizster is a web app that creates online quizzes populated with fake data generated by Faker, a PHP library. It is merely a proof of concept for the generation of valid HTML True/False, Single-Select, and Multiple-Choice quizzes, and not a working online quiz system. Quizster contains no grading logic or functionality. As such, submitted answers will be echoed back to the screen, and neither processed nor graded by the backend.

## Installation dependencies
1. Node/npm (See https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. Laravel & Composer (See https://laravel.com/docs/4.2)
3. PHP ~ 7.0
4. MySQL or MariaDB

You may want to consider installing Laravel Homestead, a Vagrant-based virtual machine that includes all of the dependencies required to develop a Laravel app. (See https://laravel.com/docs/5.6/homestead#introduction)

## Installation
1. `git clone https://github.com/redemma71/quizster.git`
2. From inside the Quizster project folder install React dependencies:
`npm install`
2. From inside the Quizster project folder install Laravel dependencies:
`php composer.phar install`
or
`composer install` (if Composer is in your path)

### Generate Laravel Key
From inside the Quizster project folder:
`larvel key:generate`

This will create an app key in the .env folder.

## Configuration
### Database
Either configure MySQL as specified or change the configuration in the .env file. (For example, you may want to run MariaDB, or perhaps change the database name.) The default configuration is:

```
DB_CONNECTION=mysql
DB_HOST=127.0.0.1
DB_PORT=8889
DB_DATABASE=scrivener
DB_USERNAME=scrivener
DB_PASSWORD=cs602
```

Import `quizster_scrivener.sql` (in the ./database folder) into your database. Or use Laravel's migration functionality, and type `php artisan migrate`.

### Public storage
You will have to create a symbolic link to the quiz files that are generated by Quizster in order to preview them from a browser. From inside the Quizster folder, `php artisan storage:link`.

## Running Quizster
1. Start your database.
1. Just to be safe: `npm run dev`.
2. `php artisan serve` launches Quizster on localhost:8000.

## Frontend Tech Stack
1. Framework: React.js
2. Framework: Boostrap 3
3. react-bootstrap
4. react-burger-menu
5. react-modal

## Backend Tech Stack
1. Framework: Laravel
2. PHP
3. MySQL

## Dependency Management
1. Frontend: NPM
2. Backend: Composer

## License
Issued under an MIT license by Chad David Cover, 2018.
